# pawminder
# Task Analysis
One of the main tasks which my app would support is Health Tracking. This will involve a variety of subtasks. Users will be able to set a medication reminder, which will operate automatically once the user has input their pet’s medication schedule, reminding them when their pet must be given its required shots, pills, dental care, etc. Through this task, the user may also set an appointment calendar or schedule an appointment with a veterinarian. A separate function under the umbrella of Health Tracking will be a chatbot feature. This seems like a necessary addition, because medical problems can present themselves rapidly and the user may want information immediately, while it may be some time before they can schedule a vet appointment. Another function supporting Health Tracking is the vaccination record, which allows users to add and remove records of their pet’s vaccinations. 

The second main task my app will support is Activity Tracking. One subtask of Activity Tracking is the activity level. The activity level of the pet will be categorized as low, medium, or high by the app based on information input by the owner into a log. For example, if the owner inputs that their dog walked on only a few occasions and these walks were of short duration, while the dog slept for a large portion of the day, the app would interpret this as indicating a “low” activity level and would inform the owner accordingly. The activity log subtask allows the owner to input information on their pet’s exercise, food and water consumption, sleep habits, and training, all of which will be analyzed by the app to adjust the reported activity level. 

The third main task the app will support is Training Advice. This will be supported by a search function for training videos, which will allow the user to peruse a broad variety of pet training videos from all over the internet. 
